today we have the ax remix of aqua
computer here the pumps for one
water cooling course so special about
This pump is one you can over a
timer correctly over and pc control with
execution temperature and everything
possible in the traverse at least if
but then her but also her
version offers a few extras with me
things we unpack the thing directly
In my opinion that is definitely
the best pump the skepticism
and yes I want you home right away
of course, distribute directly to the
seeding are bigger than you are so
actually one thinks thinking in the picture
this little next much bigger
this will connect you how much
molex electricity and we can then go to the
points themselves still fan afterwards
the last honor under it and concealed
a usb cable what we internally from
if stuck there
important here is first that we the
connections are not standard
a quarter pulled out as the key
needed adapter league is synonymous yes
Everything else is in the description otherwise
linked and you have this adapter
use and then have one
quarter inch thread what you your
connection box for your hoses
then I believe the cost
5 euros or just on each
case extra and you can not
Give the pump a cool start
feature of the pump is on the filling
Mode I have to get out of here we have here
through a jumper the power supply
can thus connect the power supply
also power out there although the pc even
not running for this we close this
tal to the power supply to was a jumper and
then the power supply with the pump the
poker in such a vent pipe must be
pump and the pump then leaves again
Take a short break with the water again
so say she comes then can
looked so good on that
fill and gentleman I would say that
is also a really good feature
this pump and I can only
Recommend
what we still say to yourself
fan cable then he could be the buddy
then probably to cpu probably
then connect under a usb
cable for connection to the mainboard
so of course you have the full
control
if you still partly under it
suffers or the software said that
full control over the pump and its
functions the cables are now thick
on it made in china but the pump
itself is made in germany and i think
that's something very special
is already made in germany made in
germany drops the thought I have to
Anyway, I'm personally quality
of course have experience with the
pump and can tell you i could
really the madness
we are after the small sank around the
development mode to start for this
here at the pump behind stuck where
then the whole thing goes well
bit of paperwork and yes we say
There is not much more to the pump
if you want to see technical data
then just click on the link in the
video description i can give you this
Pump is definitely recommend
By the way, a modified home points
So computer has that easy
Modifies the color changes and one
Matching software for it all comes
a top product best pump on the
I can only recommend the market as a market
be a bit bland, she writes in the
Comments
Otherwise we'll see you there
next video until then